So, a bunch of us decided it would be
great funto create a fuck line.
We took over this one
big space that was called the group sex room. We
spread the word beforehand about what was going to
happen so that there would be, like, rumours
and people would hear about it. I was at the
door and my role was to manage the flow in and out
and to get people’s consent before they went in.
And there was a line up. Like, people were very
excited. [laughs] And I would say, “Hi, welcome to
the fuck line. This is what’s going to happen to
you.” You know, “You’re going to be blindfolded,
and you’re going to get fucked and you’re not
going to know who’s fucking you. And you can’t ask
who later, and you will never fucking know.” Which
was super-hot for lots of people. And my friend,
her job, she was the lube and gloves girl. And her
job was to continuously give new gloves [laughs]
to the tops.
There were three fucking benches,which for
those of us who frequent these kind
of places, it’s something that you kneel on, and
your ass is up in the air, and it usually has an
angle down like this. And then there’s a place for
your elbows. Right? So, it’s comfortable, and,
you know, you’re comfortable.
And every two minutes,you’re going to be
moved from chair to chair, and
then the bell’s going to ring, and you go down the
line. [laughs] It ended up being a very popular
space for the time that we were there.
I just sawa whole bunch of women
lined up for something,
and they were all sort of chatting, and they
were lined up, and I was curious as to, “Oh,
what are they lined up for? What is this?” So, I
went past them to just kind of peek my head in.
And then it was the girlfriend of my ex who was
kind of heading this event, and she saw me, and
she must have thought I was in line. I remember
walking out of there going,
“I can’t believe that just happened,"
and I’m sorry for butting inline, everybody.
I didn’t mean it.”
I remember, like,
talking about consent too, about what would
happen, is there anything you want or don’t want.
And then I did a little bit of, like, checking
in, aftercare afterwards. So, it was definitely,
like, a BDSM thing that wasn’t for everybody. But
for people who participated, it was, like, super
exciting to have that kind of complete anonymous
sex and give yourself permission to do that.